Fix shutdown deadlock introduced in 2.7.0-M2 (#8815)
playframework/playframework: documentation/manual/releases/release27/migration27/Migration27.md

## CoordinatedShutdown `play.akka.run-cs-from-phase` configuration

> The configuration `akka.coordinated-shutdown.exit-jvm` is not supported anymore. When that settings is enabled Play will not start and an alert will be displayed. Play ships with default values for `akka.coordinated-shutdown.*` which should be suitable for most scenarios so it's unlikely you'll need to override them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration `akka.coordinated-shutdown.exit-jvm` is not supported anymore. When that setting is enabled Play will not start, and an error will be logged. Play ships with default values for `akka.coordinated-shutdown.*` which should be suitable for most scenarios so it's unlikely you'll need to override them. 
```
